1345189032
ApexAccessControl	/home/oracle/Desktop/RoR_Project/Timmy_demo/app/models/apex_access_control.rb	class ApexAccessControl 
ApexAccessControlController	/home/oracle/Desktop/RoR_Project/Timmy_demo/app/controllers/apex_access_control_controller.rb	class ApexAccessControlController 
ApexAccessControlControllerTest	/home/oracle/Desktop/RoR_Project/Timmy_demo/test/functional/apex_access_control_controller_test.rb	class ApexAccessControlControllerTest 
ApexAccessControlHelper	/home/oracle/Desktop/RoR_Project/Timmy_demo/app/helpers/apex_access_control_helper.rb	module ApexAccessControlHelper
ApexAccessControlHelperTest	/home/oracle/Desktop/RoR_Project/Timmy_demo/test/unit/helpers/apex_access_control_helper_test.rb	class ApexAccessControlHelperTest 
ApexAccessControlTest	/home/oracle/Desktop/RoR_Project/Timmy_demo/test/unit/apex_access_control_test.rb	class ApexAccessControlTest 
Application	/home/oracle/Desktop/RoR_Project/Timmy_demo/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/oracle/Desktop/RoR_Project/Timmy_demo/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/oracle/Desktop/RoR_Project/Timmy_demo/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/home/oracle/Desktop/RoR_Project/Timmy_demo/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateApexAccessControl	/home/oracle/Desktop/RoR_Project/Timmy_demo/db/migrate/20120817071734_create_apex_access_control.rb	class CreateApexAccessControl 
TestCase	/home/oracle/Desktop/RoR_Project/Timmy_demo/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
TimmyDemo	/home/oracle/Desktop/RoR_Project/Timmy_demo/config/application.rb	module TimmyDemo
change	/home/oracle/Desktop/RoR_Project/Timmy_demo/db/migrate/20120817071734_create_apex_access_control.rb	  def change
create	/home/oracle/Desktop/RoR_Project/Timmy_demo/app/controllers/apex_access_control_controller.rb	  def create
edit	/home/oracle/Desktop/RoR_Project/Timmy_demo/app/controllers/apex_access_control_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/home/oracle/Desktop/RoR_Project/Timmy_demo/app/controllers/apex_access_control_controller.rb	  def index
new	/home/oracle/Desktop/RoR_Project/Timmy_demo/app/controllers/apex_access_control_controller.rb	  def new
show	/home/oracle/Desktop/RoR_Project/Timmy_demo/app/controllers/apex_access_control_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/home/oracle/Desktop/RoR_Project/Timmy_demo/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
update	/home/oracle/Desktop/RoR_Project/Timmy_demo/app/controllers/apex_access_control_controller.rb	  def update
